In order to run this program, a library called PyGame is required.
Pygame is a free library for python game development that allowed me to
create my game without too many headaches. The problem with this though, is that
I could not get the cs50 IDE to install the library (through pip install PyGame).
To develop this game, I used an IDE called PyCharm. Therefore I will be explaining
the steps that I took to ready Pycharm for use in my project.

"on second thought, i'll just include the files but here they are if you need them"
--------files should be in file folder, or get them below--------------

First i downloaded and installed Python 3.4.3
https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.4.3/

Then I downloaded and installedPycharm (Free Community version)
https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/#section=windows

Lastly I downloaded the Pygame library, which is essential to the program. (I know the site looks weird, but its safe)
I have pygame-1.9.2a0.win32  http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml

From here I was able to install the Pygame library into the Pycharm IDE
and begin my project.

Once you get to this point, you would simply need to run the code located in the file project_x.py
this can be done by pressing the green arrow in the upper right corner. If the arrow cannot be pressed,
it is because the file path has not been set correctly. In that case, simply click on the drop down menu
next to the arrow and edit configurations so that the path leads to project_x.py

--------IMPORTANT---------
-----I personally would have liked to do my coding in the CS50 IDE, which would have been less of a hassle,
but I could not get the pygame library to install. I emailed my TF, and she said it would be fine to use an outside
IDE. I was hoping that between then and now I would figure out how to install PyGame in CS50 IDE, but I always get an error
message:   Could not find a version that satisfies the requirement pygame (from versions: 1.9.2rc1)
I also tried making an executable in hopes of being able to send the working product to you in that way, but unfortunately
that has not worked either. I know that the spec says that you shouldn't need to contact me, but if the above doesn't work and you
need to see the working product, please reach out: calvin_stewart@college.harvar.edi